IBX-5033 REST search criteria (#2040)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/criteria_reference/catalogidentifier_criterion.md

# CatalogIdentifier Criterion

> The `CatalogIdentifier` Search Criterion searches for catalogs by the value of their identifier.

Reviewer: As [there can be only one](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/pim/catalog_api/#get-catalog), maybe singular can remind that an identifier is unique. 

```suggestion
The `CatalogIdentifier` Search Criterion searches for a catalog by the value of its identifier.
```
